Certain places- these need to exist

Bloodrunner's Silent Grove- 
A shaddowy clearing in the forrest the is carpeted in soft moss with ancient stones aranged to sit on during gatherings. Some of the trees are hung with one or two decorations- ribons, beads, feathers. 
The Bloodrunners are hunters and gatherers with a reverance for nature. They tend to be the most 'tribal' of the families. 

Coppertail's forge/workshop- 
The complete opposite of the Bloodrunners. The Coppertails have a respect for nature too but are more concerned with how it can be harnesed. Their forge and main workshop is a cobbled together construction extending out from one of the caves of the Riverwood Clan's central den. It is a mixture of heavy crude construction and refined engineering. The main artificial structire is made from heavy logs strapped together with iron bands. Other parts that have been added on over the years are made from planks, joists and even stone and metal in places. 
The workshop is predominantly filled with workbenches used by the Coppertails to construct their variouse projects. The larger and heavier machinery is kept in the cave area and it is dominated by a huge ancient forge at the back. Its chimney is cut into the rock itself. The walls and ceiling of the workshop are a tangle of extractor pipes, rotating shafts (to power things with belts), tools, and interesting looking metal scraps. 

Gildclaw's Enclave- 
The cave of Temesh Gildclaw is a combined trophy cabinet, diplomatic embasy and administrative office. It is decorated with lush fabrics in exotic colours. Fine rugs lay on the ground and the room is filled with a hazy yellow light from oil lanterns glittering off of many gold items. Temesh likes to display the gifts and treasures she has been given/won over the years as a way to emphasise her and her clans success. A large antique desk sits at the back of the cave/room, surrounded by shelves of ornaments. The main area of the room is filled with cussions and low tables for groups of Gildclaws to sit and meet. Possibly a few hookahs in the corners for the relaxation of gnolls that prefer the finer things in life. 

Daggermaw's arena
The remains of some open air temple or amphetheatre. Its origins are lost to time. It is a mostly circular depression of overgrown stone paving. The shattered remains of statues of some form emerge from the ground in places, barly recognisable through errosion and overgrowth. 
It is relatively brightly lit and is used by the Daggermaw's as a combat training arena. The hold their meetings and drills there too due to the amount of space and flat ground. There are always a few blood splatters on the stones from overly enthusuastic training. 

Clan den grounds- 
The area out in front of the caves used as the den. It is used to hold ceremonies, to hang out and do outdoor work, party hard and act and a general open space withing the walls of the clan compound. With its many and varied roles and much activity is it ver worn bare earth, perhaps with rough stone flooring in places. There is a fire pit where huge fires are lit for big events. There are all kinds of barrels, crates, broken wood, and random rubish scattered at the edges. There are perhaps a number of things that can be seen in the backround depending on the camera direction- The rough log walls surrounding the compound, the large gateway, the dens main cave entrance, the Coppertail forge out-buildings. Archery ranges, training dummies, other small sheds and tents. 
This scene is used for the comming-of-age ceremony at the start and as a general neutral gathering place. 

Speculative places- some need to exist, pick

Ancient Monument- 
A mysterious and timeless stone monument. No one can remember who built it or what it was dedicated to. But everyone holds it in reverence and it is considdered lucky to place a fresh flower on it in summer and light a candel on it in winter. It is in a clearing that strangely never needs to be maintained. The treens and shrubs always keep their distance. Nothing but a soft layer of mossy grass grows near it. 

Forest path- 
A well used path through the Riverwood forrest. It is commonly used by traders bringing caravans into the Barony. It is well worn and gravelly with the occational milestone or sign post to show distance. The gnolls keep a watch from the distance for bandits and intruders they can attack and raid. 

Relaxing river- 
A peaceful river running through the heart of the Riverwood forest. Its waters are always cool and refreshing in the summer heat. A small ford of mossy rocks marks the new crossing point made with the stones from the tumbled-down bridge that had collapsed in times gone by. 

Dark caves- 
Strange and terrible caves that are hardly visited. They were never used by the clan because they are too far from fresh water and the road. They also just do not feel right. They make the hairs on the neck tingle and as you enter the darkness seems to suck at any light that is brought down there. Right at the bottom end of the caves are odd paintings on the walls. People fighting off many-headded beasts three, sometimes fore times as big. There are also bones in there too. The caves are long and winding and those who lose their way and their light somestimes never see light again. 

Ruins- 
Old ruins burried deep in the darkest thickest parts of the forrest. Rumour says it is the remains of a witches cottage that was burned to the ground or an old fort of the grand and fearsom Orc armies from times long ago. The truth is more likely that it is an old village that was abandoned long ago or destroyed by the savage gnoll clans that existed before the modern Riverwood Clan. 
It doesn't however explain why some of the architecture is particulally fine craftwork, the sort you find on temples and cathedrels. Or why strange and complex and very very old machenery is occationally dug up from there. 

Village- 
The main village of the barrony that the Riverwood forrest is in. It is your typical fantasy/medievil village with a few stone buildings- a temple, a forge and many wooden thatched buildings, and an inn. There is a village square where markets are held every week and where most of the important buildings can be seen. A fountain surrounded by benches sits at the centre. 

Meadows- 
Pleasant meadows that stand between the Riverwood forrest and the farmland used by the barrony to bring wealth and food to its people. They are verdent and in spring and summer the sprout many small flowers and fill the air with natural parfume. 

Overlook- 
Up on the high clifs that surround the far end of Riverwood one can look out over the trees and see the rolling fields of the barrony with the castle in the distance. Smoke rises at the edge of the treeline where the den is located. It is considdered a site of stragetic and romantic importance. And old tree stump is marked with claw marks of the the many gnoll couples over the generations that had been there. 
